Fix PR #913 issues (#933)
apluslms/a-plus: doc/AUTH.md

# Authorization and Authentication protocol

Every request A+ makes to graders and other services contain a JWT
authentication/authorization token. Any request to A+ by graders that requires

> authentication must also contain a JWT or a exercise/submission token, that A+
> has supplied to the grader, in the GET parameters. Though, this token can also
> be sent as part of the JWT's tokens field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authentication must also contain one of the following tokens:

1. JWT in the HTTP Authorization header (new preferred method).
1. Exercise/submission token in the GET query parameters.
   A+ supplies this token to the exercise service as part of the `submission_url` parameter in the grader protocol.
   Using this token is the old method and not recommended any longer.
   This token can also be sent as part of the `tokens` field of the JWT.
```
A list makes the differences very clear!
